Shakespearean Insults

   To make a Shakespearean insult, start with the word "Thou."  Add one word selected at random from each column.  For example, "Thou greasy, iron-witted rabbit-sucker!"

Column A       Column B          Column C
--------------------------------------------------------
bawdy          bunch-backed      canker-blossom
brazen         clay-brained      clot pole
churlish       dog-hearted       crutch
distempered    empty-hearted     cut purse
fitful         evil-eyed         dogfish
gnarling       eye-offending     egg-shell
greasy         fat-kidneyed      gull-catcher
grizzled       heavy-handed      hempseed
haughty        horn-mad          hedge-pig
hideous        ill-breeding      jack-a-nape
jaded          ill-composed      malignancy
knavish        ill-nurtured      malkin
lewd           iron-witted       malt-worm
peevish        lean-witted       manikin
pernicious     lily-livered      minimus
prating        mad-bred          miscreant
purpled        motley-minded     moldwarp
queasy         muddy-meddled     nut-hook
rank           onion-eyed        pantaloon
reeky          pale-hearted      rabbit-sucker
roynish        paper-faced       rampallion
sottish        pinch-spotted     remnant
saucy          raw-boned         rudesby
unmuzzled      rug-headed        ruffian
vacant         rump-fed          scanting
waggish        shag-eared        scullion
wanton         shrill-gorged     snipe
wenching       sour-faced        waterfly
whoreson       weak-hinged       whipster
yeasty         white-livered     younker

Data from "Shakespearean Insults," Folger Library Shakespearean Education and Festivals Project, Jerry Maguire, Center Grove High School, Greenwood Indiana
